ABOUT THIS PROJECT

In my search for a pure Java library for creating appealing TUIs (text-based
user interface), I came up short of anything that resembled a suitable 
solution. Available libraries either attempt to wrap native ncurses code or are
inadequate for the types of projects that I wish to build. This library 
therefore aims to fill that need for a reliable, modern, and pure-Java library
for creating appealing terminal user interfaces.

In order to avoid using formatting characters to create the UI (as ncurses 
does), I have opted to wrap everything in a terminal emulator written on
top of Swing. This also has the convenient trade-off of making the buffer
dynamic; we don't have to clear the terminal before redrawing a region of
the interface. I also hope to make font-rendering consistent across all
platforms on which an application is run, in a truly portable fashion.

On operating systems like Windows, the terminal does not allow for per-
character color information, nor does it allow for an easy way to control low-
level formatting of the text. This API should provide a consistent interface
across all Java-compatible machines, and present an application in the same
fashion to all of its clients.

BUILDING THIS PROJECT

As a part of this project, I have included some scripts to make compiling the
classes easier. These tools can be found in the tools directory, and will help
with creating new projects based on the library. At this moment, the build will
automatically be tested against the library, but in the future, I will divide
up some of the parts of this test script into their own files. To build and run
the tests, follow these steps at a command prompt or terminal:

    */Java-Terminal-Emulator$ cd tools
    */Java-Terminal-Emulator/tools$ python test-api.py

The project will be built and run automatically. Building requires Python 3.X
or greater. Some classpath errors may occur on Linux. (I have only successfully
tested this script against Windows 10, Python 3.6.0.)